Snatch docs (#38)
kyma-project/kim-snatch: docs/user/README.md

> # KIM Snatch

Author: Hi Iwona, this Snatch-thingy is a piece of KIM. It's required for the worker-pool feature and doing just some housekeeping on SKRs to ensure our Kyma-Workloads are properly scheduled on the Kyma-owned worker pool.

## Overview

> The KIM-Snatch Module is part of KIM's worker pool feature. It is a mandatory Kyma module and deployed on all Kyma managed runtimes (SKR). 

Author: Default modules are different- they are usually not mandatory but we install them per default as most Kyma users need them.

Mandatory modules are different.  Such modules are "silently" install by KLM. Customers don't see them because they are required to run Kyma correctly and KLM installs them automatically on each SKR.

> The KIM-Snatch Module is part of KIM's worker pool feature. It is a mandatory Kyma module and deployed on all Kyma managed runtimes (SKR). 

Reviewer: Oh, I see. Let's keep `mandatory`, then.

> In the past, Kyma had only one worker pool (so called "Kyma worker pool") where every workload was scheduled on. This Kyma worker pool is mandatory and cannot be removed from a Kyma runtime. Customers have several configuration options, but it's not fully adjustable and can be too limited for customers who require special node setups.

Author: Yes,  the Kyma worker pool is still a mandatory part of KYma. This worker pool was always existing - we add now just the feature to add additional worker pools. But the Kyma worker pool will stay.

# KIM Snatch

## Overview

> The KIM Snatch is part of Kyma Infrastructure Manager's (KIM) worker pool feature. It is deployed on all Kyma-managed runtimes. Mandatory modules are not visible for  SAP BTP, Kyma runtime customers and automatically installed by the [KLM](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager) on each SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: We might skip the sentence about mandatory modules now that the word "module" is not used in the name, and have one of the following instead:

> The KIM Snatch is part of Kyma Infrastructure Manager's (KIM) worker pool feature. It is deployed on all Kyma-managed runtimes. Mandatory modules are not visible for  SAP BTP, Kyma runtime customers and automatically installed by the [KLM](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager) on each SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KIM Snatch is part of Kyma Infrastructure Manager's (KIM) worker pool feature. It is deployed on all Kyma-managed runtimes but is not visible to  SAP BTP, Kyma runtime customers.
```

> The KIM Snatch is part of Kyma Infrastructure Manager's (KIM) worker pool feature. It is deployed on all Kyma-managed runtimes. Mandatory modules are not visible for  SAP BTP, Kyma runtime customers and automatically installed by the [KLM](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager) on each SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KIM Snatch is part of Kyma Infrastructure Manager's (KIM) worker pool feature. It is deployed on all Kyma-managed runtimes.
```

> In the past, only one worker pool existed in a Kyma runtime (called `Kyma worker pool`). This `Kyma worker pool` is mandatory and cannot be removed. It allows several configuration options, which can be too limited for users requiring special node setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, `Kyma worker pool` has been the only existing worker pool in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime. This `Kyma worker pool` is mandatory and cannot be removed. It allows several configuration options, which can be too limited for users requiring special node setups.
```

> With the worker pool feature, you can add customized worker pools to your Kyma runtime and introduce worker nodes optimized for your particular workload requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, with the worker pool feature, you can add customized worker pools to your Kyma runtime and introduce worker nodes optimized for your particular workload requirements. 
```

> The KIM-Snatch assigns Kyma workloads, for example, Kyma modules' operators, to the `Kyma worker pool` and ensures that your worker pools are reserved for your workloads. This solution has the following advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KIM Snatch assigns Kyma workloads, for example, Kyma modules' operators, to `Kyma worker pool` and ensures that your worker pools are reserved for your workloads. This solution has the following advantages:
```

> * Kyma workloads are not allocating resources on customized worker pools. This ensures that customers have the full capacity of the worker pool available for their workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kyma workloads don't allocate resources on customized worker pools. This ensures that customers have the full capacity of the worker pool available for their workloads.
```

* It reduces the risk of incompatibility between Kyma container images and individually configured worker pools.

## Technical Approach

The KIM-Snatch introduces the Kubernetes [mutating admission webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook).

> It intercepts all Pods that are scheduled in a Kyma-managed namespace. [Kyma Lifecycle Manager (KLM)](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager) always labels a managed namespace with `operator.kyma-project.io/managed-by: kyma`. KIM reacts only to Pods scheduled in one of these labeled namespaces. Typical Kyma-managed namespaces are `kyma-system` or, if the Kyma Istio module is used,  `istio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It intercepts all Pods that are scheduled in a Kyma-managed namespace. [Kyma Lifecycle Manager (KLM)](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager) always labels a managed namespace with `operator.kyma-project.io/managed-by: kyma`. KIM reacts only to Pods scheduled in one of these labeled namespaces. Typical Kyma-managed namespaces are `kyma-system` or, if the Kyma Istio module is used, `istio`.
```

![KIM Snatch Webhook](./assets/snatch-deployment.svg)

Before the Pod is handed over to the Kubernetes scheduler, KIM-Snatch adds [`nodeAffinity`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity) to the Pod's manifest. This informs the Kubernetes scheduler to prefer nodes within the Kyma worker pool for this Pod. 

## Limitations

### Using the Kyma Worker Pool is not Enforced
Assigning a Pod to a specific worker pool can have the following drawbacks:

* Resources of the preferred worker pool are exhausted, while other worker pools still have free capacities.
* If no suitable worker pool can be found and the node affinity is set as a "hard" rule, the Pod is not scheduled.

> To overcome these limitations, we use `preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` so that the configured node affinity on Kyma workloads is a "soft" rule. For more details, see the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity)). The Kubernetes scheduler prefers the Kyma worker pool. Still, if scheduling the Pod in this pool is impossible, it also considers other worker pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overcome these limitations, we use `preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` so that the configured node affinity on Kyma workloads is a "soft" rule. For more details, see the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity). The Kubernetes scheduler prefers the Kyma worker pool. Still, if scheduling the Pod in this pool is impossible, it also considers other worker pools.
```

> ### Kyma workloads are not Intercepted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Kyma Workloads are not Intercepted
```
